what's going on guys take me some
motorsports and I found my calling card
this race is on these beautiful little
50 EPS and I'm I'm disappointed that I
didn't find this sooner these things are
beautiful I don't know if you guys have
written these little weed whackers but
my goodness are they fun if you preload
you honestly fly like freakin Aladdin on
that little rug it's pretty funny how
much you can float in the air with these
things and they are a load of fun I
highly recommend you guys triumph I had
a blast racing with these and beating
out this series I don't know if there's
live matches with these things I don't
think there is but career mode holy crap
this is it's a ton of fun but I want to
talk to you guys about this weekend
racing so Saturday this video will
probably go up Friday judging by the
internet being super slow so races on
Saturday now we got a good turnout of
people for the little tourney whatever
you want to call it Attorney series for
the two-day Xbox Live Gold
but I don't know if you guys are gonna
be able to join the lobbies I know the
Internet's are finicky and I mean you
guys obviously know if we're trying to
get in live and I just get kick left and
right so hopefully that goes smooth but
I'm sure that we're gonna run into some
problems regardless I think is still
gonna go down oh it will go down and I
wondered what time would work for
everybody I'm here in Detroit so I think
I was thinking mid day but if people
want to race that night I could do that
too but I'm thinking midday maybe like
two o'clock Eastern Standard Time that
or a three o'clock or something like
that
go brace before supper that wouldn't be
too bad and then yeah I got stuff I'd I
don't know i mean i might get stuff done
afterwards but let me guys know what you
think what a time what time is
convenient for you guys there's a load
of gamertags in the last video that i
put up about racing this weekend I don't
know everyone's specific so you guys
watching the video comment a time that
works for you and then yeah we can do
that
Shawn uploaded a video recently on
reflex which is a sick map
what is it called recycle
rub art it's something strong art I
don't know it's it's the arm one I
forget the map name or the track thing
but I got to play that soon so I'm gonna
get on that probably and put down the
Supercross for a little bit but if you
guys haven't tried these little 50 apps
these things are amazing I have mine
built and tricked out to the best of its
ability with the green plate you can't
do much with these for customization I
think all you can do is change the play
color on them
but man they are a ton of fun I remember
in real life
my brother rode one of these except it
was like a little crotch rocket one and
oh my goodness I don't know what he did
but like he either turned a corner too
fast or something and he just rolled
Rashed his need to all get up just
pretty much hamburger then it was
absolutely disgusting and I don't know
if you guys notice when you race with
these things going for turns you just go
flying like they do not turn on a dime
that well you really hang wide if you
try to full throttle it that wraps up
the video guys if you can race this
weekend leave yet leave a time that
works for you guys if you don't then
we're probably gonna go two o'clock two
o'clock Eastern Standard Time but thanks
again for watching guys stupid J can use
more force and I'm out